=======
General
=======

Problems may be itemized (broken into parts).  Each coding item counts for no,
half, or full credit.  If an item is not a coding item (e.g. short answer),
then it earns either no credit or full credit. If any item is worth 1 point,
then if the solution is totally correct, it earns 1 point, otherwise 0.  If a
problem is itemized, the point count is indicated in-line in brackets following
the constraint. The point counts for all problems are indicated before the
problem statement. The following problem is not itemized:

 [4] Write a Hello, world! program. Call the program ``hello.cpp``.

Thus a solution code earns either 0, 2, or 4 points. The following problem is
itemized:

 [4] Write a Hello, world! program [2]. Be sure to remember to put a courtesy
     newline [1], and make the total code <=5 lines [1]. Call the program
     ``hello.cpp``.

In the itemized problem, 2 points are awarded for a program which compiles and
produces correct output; 1 point for the newline, and 1 point for meeting the
length requirement. (In this case, half-credit for the [2] points might be
given if something other than "Hello, world!" is printed.)

Problem-constraints may be assignment-wide (e.g., "All code files submitted for
this assignment must be at most 60 lines long and at most 80 columns wide"); in
this case the constraint is applied to each problem. Such constraints will be
stated at the beginning of an assignment specification.

========
Homework
========

Each problem is awarded full credit, half credit, or no credit. A solution code
earns **no credit** if: the code does not compile, the code is submitted past
deadline, the code does not answer the question, or the file is not named
correctly (even if off by one character).

A solution code earns **half credit** if: the code has a logical or run-time
error, the code is not documented, the code does not meet problem constraints,
or the code is illegible or has inconsistent style.

In all other cases, the code earns **full credit**.  In the special case that a
code is plagiarized (from on-line, a classmate, a previous student of the
course), the total assignment will earn no credit, and a referral will be
processed with Student Advocacy & Accountability.

If you are in doubt what a solution code would earn, you may stop by my office
before the due date, and I will tell you for the asking.  Thus at any time I
am available, you may ascertain that your homework earns full credit.

====================
Worksheets and Tests
====================

A solution code earns **full credit** if it is both syntactically and logically
correct, **half credit** if it is either syntactically or logically correct,
and **no credit** otherwise.  Also, if a solution code is syntactically correct
but not substantive, it earns no credit.  An otherwise correct code with a
missing semicolon (syntax error) as well as an otherwise correct code with an
off-by-one error (logic error) both earn half-credit. There are no exceptions
to this. 

Syntactically correct means the solution compiles without errors. Logically
correct means the solution satisfies the problem constraints and produces
correct output.
