assg/prog1b/1b.rst, before:

=======================
Extra Credit Homework 1
=======================

Select up to +8 points of problems from the following. You may answer more than
+8, but only +8 worth will be counted.

1. Log in.
     [+1] Log onto the classes.csc.lsu.edu server. Simply logging in is enough
     to earn the point.

2. Vim.
     [+1] Use the vim editor to write your programs for this assignment. Use
     only vim; to earn the point, you must never invoke nano.

3. Hello, world!
     [+1] Write a Hello, world! program. Call this ``hello.cpp``.  Include a 
     courtesy newline.  It must be totally correct to earn the point.

4. ASCII drawing.
     [+1] Write a program to draw some ASCII art to the screen. Your art should
     be at least 8 rows x 8 columns.  An example (written by someone else)
     is given below. Yours must be original. Call it ``drawing.cpp``.
     .. raw::
                          ( \
                           \ \
                           / /                |||
                          / /     .-`````-.   / ^`-.
                          \ \    /         \_/  {|} 'o
                           \ \  /   .---.   \\ _  ,--'
                            \ \/   /     \,  \( ^^^^
                             \   \/\      (\  )
                              \   ) \     ) \ \
                          jgs  ) /__ \__  ) (\ \___
                              (___)))__))(__))(__)))

5. Sum.
     [+2] Write a program with function ``int sum(int n)`` to calculate the sum
     of numbers from 1 to n inclusive and return it.  Have your ``main``
     function print out the sum.  Test it on n=10.  Make the entire code file 
     be <=10 lines long. Call the source file ``sum.cpp``.

6. Reverse.
     [+2] Write a program with function ``std::string reverse(string s)`` to 
     return the reverse of the string s. It should not use library functions
     (except size()).  Have your ``main`` function print the reverse. Test
     it on the string 'marjoram'. Make the whole code file <=10 lines long.
     Call the source file ``reverse.cpp``.

7. Digits.
     [+4] Write a program with function ``int digits(int n)`` to return the 
     number of digits in n. For example, 2357 has 4 digits.  Have your 
     ``main`` function print the result of a call to ``digits``.  Test 
     with n=2357. Call the source file ``digits.cpp``.

Commit message:

Updated grading policy about documentation, added hint for prog1b.

assg/prog1b/1b.rst, after:

=======================
Extra Credit Homework 1
=======================

Select up to +8 points of problems from the following. You may answer more than
+8, but only +8 worth will be counted.

1. Log in.
     [+1] Log onto the classes.csc.lsu.edu server. Simply logging in is enough
     to earn the point.

2. Vim.
     [+1] Use the vim editor to write your programs for this assignment. Use
     only vim; to earn the point, you must never invoke nano.

3. Hello, world!
     [+1] Write a Hello, world! program. Call this ``hello.cpp``.  Include a 
     courtesy newline.  It must be totally correct to earn the point.

4. ASCII drawing.
     [+1] Write a program to draw some ASCII art to the screen. Your art should
     be at least 8 rows x 8 columns.  An example (written by someone else)
     is given below. Yours must be original. Call it ``drawing.cpp``.
     .. raw::
                          ( \
                           \ \
                           / /                |||
                          / /     .-`````-.   / ^`-.
                          \ \    /         \_/  {|} 'o
                           \ \  /   .---.   \\ _  ,--'
                            \ \/   /     \,  \( ^^^^
                             \   \/\      (\  )
                              \   ) \     ) \ \
                          jgs  ) /__ \__  ) (\ \___
                              (___)))__))(__))(__)))

5. Sum.
     [+2] Write a program with function ``int sum(int n)`` to calculate the sum
     of numbers from 1 to n inclusive and return it.  Have your ``main``
     function print out the sum.  Test it on n=10.  Make the entire code file 
     be <=10 lines long. Call the source file ``sum.cpp``. *Hint*: there is
     is a simple formula for computing the sum of numbers from 1 to n in terms 
     of n.

6. Reverse.
     [+2] Write a program with function ``std::string reverse(string s)`` to 
     return the reverse of the string s. It should not use library functions
     (except size()).  Have your ``main`` function print the reverse. Test
     it on the string 'marjoram'. Make the whole code file <=10 lines long.
     Call the source file ``reverse.cpp``.

7. Digits.
     [+4] Write a program with function ``int digits(int n)`` to return the 
     number of digits in n. For example, 2357 has 4 digits.  Have your 
     ``main`` function print the result of a call to ``digits``.  Test 
     with n=2357. Call the source file ``digits.cpp``.
